hello to you childhood i'm vacano sandy
blurted out step by step the essence of the review mods on gta
sanandres is also the 45th edition, but I took
mod called mafia 2 cut cut
added from mafia 2
that's the principle of how it looks for some reason
when I installed the mod I became
ekranku and reed by the way I want
discuss the solution and resolution costs
at 1268
although the crane was somehow pretty
stretched than usual and also
mod adds speaker this but principle
here all the hunt for gta 4 at the top of the weapon
adds new icons all from mafia 2
Also in the car speedometer is added
let's principle
hijacking a motorcycle, this bum is also won
when we like someone thread
we kill he appears we wanted
search and here we have a speedometer
principle like from mafia 2 he also
It works very cool . worth
cool and so we can go and the way
it is a pity that you can not for example put
label and we will be pointed to the path from
both it was very cool living with us
finds this here
green striped bath probably
apollo stick only opposite but
we both have not yet but the principle of an hour
Let's do
ok all
yes we have armor this here this blue
strip salt one star anyway
there is still not lost but now
nose and two stars
that's such exact mophie base
there was much more to add a speedometer
also we sight from mafia 2
such a weapon did not show that the weapon
changed on the rise but let's homeless
very cool if i really liked
ideas with speedometer how did
the speedometer here is such a style very cat
mafia 2
Well Well this is such a very good mod
but that's all thanks to everyone for watching
with you was i don't forget page
subscribe to the channel and also put
thumbs up and so rub the roles all
good luck everyone bye